(Brief note: I've included a single README for both Product Owner and CEO because I am both roles for this sprint. At the bottom are resources and articles I used in my research, however there are a few graphs and helpful images under each individual role folder as well. But the description of what I've accomplished this sprint is done in this README file)

We decided to implement a rotation of developers for the oncoming sprints and as such other team members were much more involved in the development portion of this sprint. I will be focused much more heavily on the coding side of things in the next sprint. That being said, I still put a large amount of time into finding hosting for the project so we could have a functional site and back-end database system. I worked with Isaac on finding a hosting platform for our Django app and getting our W&M code repository synced with it. I researched a number of different potential hosting platforms. AWS, PythonAnywhere and Heroku were all on the table. In the end we decided to go with PythonAnywhere as it seemed relatively straightforward. Both Isaac and I made separate accounts and attempted to connect our repository to PythonAnywhere using the PythonAnywhere bash console. We ran into a substantial challenge where PythonAnywhere refused to clone from the W&M gitlab, due to proxy issues. I tried a number of different solutions but after a good amount of troubleshooting Isaac discovered the paid plan was needed to succesfully connect our repository to PythonAnywhere, so Isaac made a paying account. Thankfully, the entry level price was not too steep. 

As product owner and ceo I've focused significantly on the organizational and customer-facing side of this project. To start with we had an initial onboarding meeting where I, Sean, Isaac and Andrew helped the new members onboard. 
I then worked with other team members to plan out the releases over the next 3 sprints. I wrote all of the documentation for challenge 3 stories, as well as the paragraph justifying our release plan. This paragrah documented why we planned certain features for certain sprints, why we could not sacrifice certain features while leaving others out, and so on. I then updated the User Story Map for challenge 2 with my release plan. Since my roles were very customer facing, I also created the full presentation slide deck for our class presentation, making sure to include the necessary elements including problem, solution, customer segment, revenue and growth opportunities, and competitive edge. I did a good deal of research on customer segments, competition and so forth, of which I will list my sources below. I also created directories in the repository for each team role/expert and set up README files for each of the members to fill out in the Artifacts folder. 

Sources and relevant articles I've used this sprint:
https://codecondo.com/5-platforms-provide-free-django-app-hosting/
https://help.pythonanywhere.com/pages/DeployExistingDjangoProject/
https://nces.ed.gov/programs/coe/indicator/cha
https://www.bls.gov/ooh/education-training-and-library/postsecondary-teachers.htm
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/universities-spend-16bn-each-year-technology-hardly-any-barosevcic/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHux0gMZ3Eg


Project 7:
I went in to every single webpage file we had and made a good deal of stylistic changes. No page had any real spacing or centering so I added this for every page. I also improved the styling of the buttons and the class cards on the home page. In the "Join Waitlist" page I revamped the course list segment adding a stylized box and scroll capabilities. I also worked on development of the functionality of the app itself. I added a new feature where professors could create different waitlists for sections of the same class very easily. All they had to do was enter the CRN and Schedule for the new sections. Furthermore I did most of the work for the slide deck, researching customer segment, revenue sources, cost and funding, etc and incorporating it into the slide deck. 